[Music]
we tested 14 popular weight loss tricks
you've probably noticed that the
internet is full of weight loss tips and
tricks promising to fulfill this dream
in a flash but there's so much
information out there that we can easily
get overwhelmed and confused which
recommendations can we trust well we at
bright side have decided to conduct our
very own experiment one of our editors
has tested firsthand the Internet's most
common body slimming techniques so that
you can make out fact from fiction get
ready for an eye-opener please keep in
mind that everybody is different what
works for one person might not work for
another
in vice-versa in this video we want to
share our own experience and conclusions
[Music]
tip number 14 drink water before each
meal 15 to 20 minutes before having a
meal drink a glass of water at room
temperature water fills you up and keeps
you from overeating you also burn
calories while warming the water up to
body temperature ever wonder how
ballerinas keep that beautiful lean form
this is their secret it's also proven
that this technique will spare you over
100 calories per glass well I managed to
trick my stomach into feeling full for
maybe 10 minutes after that the hunger
came back
unfortunately I ate no less than usual
our verdict nope
[Music]
tip number 13
aromatherapy while cooking your appetite
can decrease or vanish completely yes
and it happens because all those
mouth-watering smells trick our brain
into thinking that were full this is why
aroma therapists recommend those wishing
to lose weight to breathe in the scent
of apples mint or vanilla while dieting
research shows that people who do this
boost their endurance in physical
performance lose body fat and curb
weight gain what can I say the intense
aroma really does reduce appetite but
not for that long after half an hour the
hunger returns with a vengeance stronger
than before our verdict this actually
does work but not for long
[Music]
tip number 12 brush your teeth instead
of having dessert another way to fight
off cravings is to brush your teeth
instead of eating something you don't
really need how does it work well first
of all this method exploits people's
laziness you think to yourself I've just
brushed my teeth they're clean and I
don't want to do it again later not to
mention the minty feeling of the
toothpaste in your mouth sends a signal
to your brain that the meal is over so
let's try to trick our brains what
happened
strangely enough exactly what was
promised even if there was a pang of
hunger going for lunch wasn't on my mind
for another hour - that's because for me
at least I associate brushing my teeth
as a sign that the day is over and it's
time for bed our verdict this works
[Music]
tip number eleven eat standing up can
you believe that 67% of people sit for
20 hours a day so many dietitians
recommend standing while eating and it
should be done for several reasons first
of all when you're standing your body
burns more calories also you get full
faster and eat less I did eat less than
normal but not due to getting full
faster I just got tired of standing
around with a plate our verdict yes this
works but not actually how it's supposed
to plus when we're standing our stomach
isn't as compressed as when we're
sitting so more food can fill it I'm
surprised it even works at all tip
number 10 hold silverware with the wrong
hand
[Music]
psychologists assure us that when we
dine with a wrong hand our non-dominant
hand we eat less eagerly due to the
awkward feeling therefore we end up
eating much less as for me I'm a righty
and not that great at using my left hand
but still eating with my left hand was
just as easy as with my right one our
verdict it made so much sense too bad it
doesn't work
tip number nine use cool colors in the
kitchen did you know that if the color
of our food contrasts with our plate it
has a psychological effect a study was
conducted revealing shocking results
when the contrast between the food and
the plate was minimal participants serve
themselves 30% more food some people who
tend to overeat are advised to up the
contrast by using dishware with cool
tones blues purples and greens given
that most foods especially junk food
have warm tones reds oranges and yellows
besides cool colors supposedly suppress
your appetite and calm you down I was
surprised to find that when surrounded
by cool colors I really didn't want to
eat that much maybe the effect is
stronger if the food isn't that
appetizing all the same I didn't finish
that bowl of soup our verdict this works
tip number eight dine in the Twilight
[Music]
here's a tip popular in Europe during a
meal in a darker place we don't notice
how much food is left on our plate and
end up eating just as much as we need no
more volunteers in an interesting
experiment were blindfolded and served
food having finished their meal they
were sure they had eaten eighty-eight
percent more than they actually did to
me eating in semi-darkness felt festive
and ritual like enjoying the atmosphere
I ended up eating more slowly savoring
the food and getting full before
finishing my plate our verdict it works
but possibly for another reason
[Music]
tip number seven choose foods that
digest more slowly dishes of about equal
weight and calorie content can actually
take different amounts of time to digest
for example in the morning it's probably
a good idea to have eggs rather than
oatmeal this will help you stay full
until lunch my morning oatmeal digested
way too fast and my hunger returned in
an hour my omelet however lasted much
longer maybe because there's more fat in
it thanks to that I felt good and didn't
want to eat again until lunch our
verdict it's better to eat eggs for
breakfast not oatmeal and we'll continue
to experiment with other options
tip number six dress up for meals when
eating wild dressed up we subconsciously
behave more formally we are neater we
eat more slowly and we chew more
thoroughly plus a tight dress won't let
you overeat I can tell you for sure that
this one is true when wearing a nice
dress you constantly worry about
staining it moreover you try to sit up
straight and eat carefully as a result I
ate quite little but got considerably
full our verdict works great but then
again the time it takes to dress up tip
number five eat two pieces of dark
chocolate when hungry in small
quantities dark chocolate gives you
energy curbs your appetite and actually
doesn't make you fat in fact it even
improves your metabolism chocolate
lovers rejoice I've been using this
trick for a long time and pretty
successfully a couple of pieces of dark
chocolate with a cacao content of 70% or
more reduce hunger and cravings for
other junk foods disappear as well I
feel full afterwards for at least an
hour
it's a shame dark chocolate isn't always
on hand our verdict oh yes
[Music]
tip number four acupuncture according to
the practice of acupuncture one of the
main points of the body for reducing
appetite is located between the upper
lip and the nose place your index finger
a little above your upper lip and
massage the point with some pressure for
a few minutes this will help ease hunger
pains I have heard that acupuncture is a
tried and tested ancient technique
however for me personally it did nothing
whatsoever are averting unfortunately
it's a fail tip number three food
separation nutritionists recommend
separating the food on your plate in two
halves
what you eat now the other one later you
can also decrease your calorie intake
throughout the day for instance for
breakfast you can eat bigger portions of
food and those extra calories you
consume in the morning will be burnt
throughout your waking hours food
rationing is my favorite tip and it
works really well by eating a little
every two hours I didn't want to snack
on junk food
besides my stomach was always content
neither empty nor full our verdict it
works
tip number two chew everything 40 times
the longer we choose the more time there
is for our brain to realize that our
body has had enough to eat remember that
our brain understands we are full a
whole 20 minutes after we really are
dietitians say that 40 is the ideal
number of choose if you want to lower
your calorie consumption this is an old
method and my grandmother swears by it
and it partially works of course I
didn't manage to chew everything exactly
40 times because after a while there was
no food but - - but I did end up eating
less maybe I just got tired of chewing
so much our verdict works to an extent
if you're patient enough to chew
properly
[Music]
tip number one use a smaller plate this
is considered an effective way to lose
weight we subconsciously want to fill
our plate with food so the trick is to
fill up a smaller plate which means
you're dishing yourself out less food
research shows that reducing your plate
size by 30% reduces the amount of food
you eat also by 30% you know the same
amount of food looks entirely different
on different plate sizes when using a
big plate I feel like I'm eating bird
sized portions a small one makes me
think I'm eating like a horse in the end
I to even finish the salad on my little
plate our verdict it works conclusion
before the experiment I thought that
healthy eating meant greatly reducing
your meal options but some unusual tips
and tricks work - just don't blindly
take my word for it though something
that didn't work for me might very well
work for you and vice versa what means
and methods do you use to shed extra
pounds share in the comments if you also
tried or repeated our particular
experiment or even if you recently
started a weight loss journey please hit
the like button send this video to your
friends and let them conduct their own
experiments and don't forget to click
Subscribe to being with us on the bright
side
[Music]